docs(design): ClusterTrack Design (#4678)
ChainSafe/gossamer: docs/docs/design/cluster-track.md

backing-group quorum will be considered as Backable.  

Here, it is important to notice that every well-connected node is aware of every next potential parachain block, 
including validators within the current parachain validator set(in-group) and validators assigned to other 
parachains at this moment(out-group). For statement distribution, in-group validators need to consider all seconded 
candidates. This is call Cluster mode; Out-group validators only need to consider Backable candidate from other groups.
This is called Grid mode.  

![parablock life cycle](./assets/img/seconding-candidate.png)

## Cluster Mode
Validator nodes are partitioned into groups, and validators within a group at a relay-parent can send each other 
statement messages for any candidates within that group and based on that relay-parent.

If a validator is disabled in the runtime, other validators should no longer accept statements from it.

There are `Seconded` statement and `Valid` statement. Seconded statement must be sent before Valid statement. The statement
is always a `CompactStatement` carrying a hash and signature.

## ClusterTrack

> The cluster module(AKA ClusterTrack) provides direct distribution of unbacked candidates within a group.

Reviewer: Is `ClusterTrack` used to distribute candidates as well? I thought only the availability distribution subsystem does that.

Author: I think by `candidates`, it means the compactStatement, I also got quiet confused when I read about this [here](https://paritytech.github.io/polkadot-sdk/book/node/backing/statement-distribution.html#cluster-module)

Reviewer: Yeah, I guess it's just imprecise wording. :-/

The seconding limit is a per-validator limit. Validator is able to second multiple candidates per relay parent.
The seconding limit is set to max depth + 1 to set an upper bound on candidates entering the system.  

#### 2.Knowledge  
A piece of knowledge about a candidate
```go
package statementdistribution

import parachaintypes "github.com/ChainSafe/gossamer/dot/parachain/types"

// General knowledge
type General struct {
   parachaintypes.CandidateHash
}

// Specific knowledge of a given statement (with its originator)
type Specific[T parachaintypes.CompactStatementValues] struct {
   Validator        parachaintypes.ValidatorIndex
   CompactStatement T
}

// Knowledge is a piece of knowledge about a candidate
type Knowledge[T parachaintypes.CompactStatementValues] interface {
   General | Specific[T]
}
```

#### 3.TaggedKnowledge  
Knowledge paired with its source(originator)
```go
package statementdistribution

import parachaintypes "github.com/ChainSafe/gossamer/dot/parachain/types"

// IncomingP2P is one possible type of TaggedKnowledge we have received from the validator on the p2p layer.
type IncomingP2P[T parachaintypes.CompactStatementValues] Knowledge[T]

> // OutgoingP2P is one possible type if TaggedKnowledge we have sent to the validator on the p2p layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// OutgoingP2P is one possible type of TaggedKnowledge we have sent to the validator on the p2p layer.
```

type OutgoingP2P[T parachaintypes.CompactStatementValues] Knowledge[T]

// Seconded is one possible type of TaggedKnowledge of candidates the validator has seconded.

> // This is limited only to `Seconded` statements we have accepted

Reviewer: Why does this say "accepted"? Aren't statements received from other validators covered by `IncomingP2P`? Isn't this rather statements the local node has produced itself?

Author: good question! for some reason I accidentally removed the rest of the comment, the full desc should be `This is limited only to `Seconded` statements we have accepted without prejudice`. Though I'm not fully sure what `prejudice` refers to here, my interpretation is that the Incoming and Outgoing knowledge cover the both directions already, the `seconded` is more like a status which indicates all the candidates that have been seconded by the current node.

Reviewer: With/without prejudice only makes sense in the context of network I/O. I guess that is the difference to `IncomingP2P` then; that one is not restricted to "without prejudice" (i.e. the originator of the statement may have exceeded the seconding limit).

	// Neither the peer nor the originator have apparently exceeded limits. Candidate or statement may already be known.
	Ok Accept = iota
	// WithPrejudice is one of the Accept type value.
	// Accept the message; the peer hasn't exceeded limits but the originator has.
	WithPrejudice
)

// Incoming statement was rejected
var errRejectIncomingExcessiveSeconded = errors.New("Peer sent excessive Seconded statements.")
var errRejectIncomingNotInGroup = errors.New("Sender or originator is not in the group.")
var errRejectIncomingCandidateUnknown = errors.New("Candidate is unknown to us. Only applies to Valid statements.")
var errRejectIncomingDuplicate = errors.New("Statement is duplicate.")

// Outgoing statement was rejected
var errRejectOutgoingCandidateUnknown = errors.New("Candidate was unknown. Only applies to Valid statements.")
var errRejectOutgoingExcessiveSeconded = errors.New("We attempted to send excessive Seconded statements. indicates a bug on the local node's code.")
var errRejectOutgoingKnown = errors.New("The statement was already known to the peer.")
var errRejectOutgoingNotInGroup = errors.New("Target or originator not in the group.")
```

## Methods of ClusterTrack

> 1. Constructor of ClusterTrack: Instantiate a new ClusterTracker tracker. Fails if cluster_validators is empty

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Constructor of ClusterTrack: Instantiate a new ClusterTrack tracker. Fails if clusterValidators is empty
```

Author: it actually called `ClusterTracker` in rust, so I made changes to align with it.
